AKU: Long ago,
in a distant land,
I, Aku, the shape-shifting
master of darkness,
unleashed an unspeakable evil.
But a foolish samurai warrior
wielding a magic sword,
stepped forth to oppose me.
(SWORDS CLANGING)
Before the final blow was struck,
I tore open a portal in time
and flung him into the future,
where my evil is law.
Now the fool seeks to return to the past.
And undo the future that is Aku.
♪ Gotta get back
♪ Back to the past
♪ Samurai Jack
♪ Watch out
♪ Gotta get back
♪ Back to the past
♪ Samurai Jack
♪ Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack
♪ Gotta get back
♪ Back to the past
♪ Samurai Jack
♪ Watch out
♪ Gotta get back
♪ Back to the past
♪ Samurai Jack
♪ Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack
♪ Gotta get back
♪ Watch out
♪ Jack, Jack, Jack
♪ Samurai Jack
Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack
♪ Watch out ♪
(WIND HOWLING)
(MYSTERIOUS INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC PLAYING)
JACK: This land...
The land of the Magic Worm.
Legend has it the Worm can grant any wish.
My wish.
To return to the past.
Worm!
I summon you!
(INTENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
Who beckons me?
I do.
Jack!
You know of me?
Of course I do.
I'm magic.
(ROARING)
(SIZZLING)
Magical, isn't it?
You've come for a magic wish, haven't you?
Yes. I...
It's not that simple.
You see, only one of us
is the real Magic Worm.
(LAUGHING MISCHIEVOUSLY)
And you're going
to have to guess...
Which one...
is which.
Then I get my magic wish?
Not quite...
Big boy.
Either one you choose gets to eat you.
Eat me? What magic is that?
Let me explain.
If you guess right,
you will be transported to a magical place
where your innermost
desire will be granted.
But if you guess wrong,
you'll be digested for 500 years.
(LAUGHING)
So all I have to do is guess?
MALE WORM: That's right.
No, wrong.
You have to play a little game.
Smashing idea.
Oh, jolly.
Knock! Knock!
You're supposed to
say, "Who's there?"
Uh, who is there?
Banana.
Uh...
Now you say, "Banana who?"
Knock! Knock!
Uh, who is there?
- Banana.
- Banana who?
Knock! Knock!
- Who is there?
- Banana.
Banana who?
No, wait. Scratch that. Try again.
Knock! Knock!
Who's there?
Now you're asking the questions.
Okay, you start.
Uh, knock, knock.
BOTH: Who's there?
Uh... Er... Uh...
- Enough!
- Okay, we'll ask you a question.
What's your favorite color?
What trick is this?
No trick.
Answer it!
(LAUGHING)
- Blue?
- BOTH: Wrong!
I mean red. Red. Hmph.
Too late.
Final question.
Very well.
One of us tells only lies.
The other tells only truths.
By asking us only one question...
You must decide which
is the real Magic Worm.
(GRIPPING INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC PLAYING)
Only one!
My question will be...
BOTH: Yes?
If you were your brother,
which one would you say is the Magic Worm?
Which one are you asking?
It doesn't matter.
Hmm...
That's easy. It's him.
Of course. It's me.
Then I choose you!
He knows!
What makes you choose me?
I told you it was him.
Yes. Me!
If you were the truth-telling Worm,
then what you said would be a lie,
because you will answer truthfully
what your lying brother will say.
Therefore, I can safely say that
the answer will be
the opposite of what you say.
On the other hand,
if you are the lying Worm,
then you will tell me
what your truth-telling brother will say,
but it would be a lie.
Therefore, the answer
will also be the opposite of what you say.
Understand?
BOTH: Uh, um...
We...
Of course.
Good answer!
Hey, don't hog it all.
(GULPS)
Ahh...
Little did he know we're both liars.
Magic? I haven't done that
since I was a little larva.
(LAUGHS CUNNINGLY)
(CAPTIVATING INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC PLAYING)
When does the magic begin?
There's no magic, is there?
(METAL SCRAPING)
(CRICKETS CHIRPING)
(GROWLING)
(LEAVES RUSTLING)
(TWIGS BREAKING)
(BUSH RUSTLING)
(BRANCH BREAKING)
(INTENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
(BIRD SCREECHING)
on. (CHUCKLES)
WOMAN: Excuse me.
Huh?
We heard a noise
coming from over here.
How did...
Where did you come from?
My family and I have been lost
in these woods for a very long time.
You must be very hungry.
Um. Yes, we are very hungry.
JACK: You are welcome to share my food.
WOMAN: That is very kind. Thank you.
(OWL HOOTING)
WOMAN: Our village was attacked
and destroyed by robot bandits.
We were one of the few families
who were lucky to escape.
We have been hiding in these woods,
hoping the bandits wouldn't find us.
It has been a long time
since we have eaten.
But it seems like luck
has looked kindly upon us once more.
I am sorry.
I wish I would have
found your village earlier.
I might have been able to help.
Be careful.
This sword is very sharp.
You can hurt yourself.
(SIZZLING)
Ah, the food is ready.
(SNIFFING)
I have been able to find some good...
My Sword!
Get him!
This is not your...
(SCREAMING)
Give us the food
and your life will be spared.
You mean my sword?
Oh!
Ah!
Hungry?
Come get some.
Argh!
(CLANGING)
(SNIFFS)
That smell...
It smells like
metal.
What, what's going on?
Why are you looking at me like this?
What are you doing?
(CIRCUITS GLITCHING)
(METAL CRASHING)
(CLANGING)
(ELECTRICITY BUZZING)
JACK: It is told that there is a fairy
that has the power to grant
one wish in her lifetime.
(BRITISH ACCENT) I finally got me
the one and only,
magical wish-giving fairy.
JACK: But she was captured
by a greedy gargoyle.
(LAUGHING MISCHIEVOUSLY)
And when I wake, I'm gonna wish me wish.
Good night, me pretty.
(WINGS FLUTTERING)
I'll see you in the morning.
(LAUGHING)
(THRILLING INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC PLAYING)
(GARGOYLE SNORING)
(SNORING)
(SNORTS)
(SIGHING)
(ELECTRIC BUZZING)
Shh...
(GARGOYLE MUMBLING)
(SNORING)
(EXCLAIMS)
Do not be afraid.
Who are you?
They call me Jack.
I've come to help you.
If you free me,
I will grant any wish you desire.
Thank you.
No, wait.
What sorcery is this?
You shouldn't have done that.
I tried to warn you.
Now we're both stuck,
and we'll never get out.
There must be a way.
Well...
He has the key.
Yes.
But you must be careful,
or we will never be free.
Do not worry. I will get us out.
(STEALTHY INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC PLAYING)
(GARGOYLE SNORING)
(GLASS TINKLING)
Wait, Jack!
Please, lower your voice
or you will awaken him.
(GLASS TINKLING)
(SNORING)
How does this work?
So, you think you can just
sneak in here and steal my fairy?
(SHOUTS) Nobody steals my fairy!
- Are you all right?
- Yes. But...
Do not worry. This won't take long.
(INTENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
Stop! You'll get the sword stuck, too.
(THUDDING)
(CRASHING)
Aah!
Huh?
(LAUGHING)
(LAUGHTER ECHOING)
(ELECTRICITY HUMMING)
FAIRY: Jack, what did you do?
I saved you.
I destroyed the gargoyle.
But we're still trapped.
I have the key.
But you don't have the magic words.
Magic words? What magic words?
The ones the gargoyle knew.
Now we'll never get out.
(HEROIC INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC PLAYING)
I wish we were free.
(ELECTRICITY BUZZING)
♪ Watch out
♪ Gotta get back
♪ Back to the past
♪ Samurai Jack
♪ Watch out ♪
♪ Gotta get back
♪ Back to the past
♪ Samurai Jack
♪ Watch out
♪ Gotta get back
♪ Back to the past
♪ Samurai Jack
♪ Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack
♪ Gotta get back
♪ Back to the past
♪ Samurai Jack
♪ Watch out
♪ Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack
♪ Got to be back
♪ Jack, Jack, Jack
♪ Samurai Jack
♪ Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack
Watch out ♪